docs(refactor): fix broken images MTA-1625 (#263)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/ruby-on-rails-instant-app/index.mdx

- Unicorn
- Node.js

> <Message type="requirements">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message type="requirement">
```

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- You have [configured your SSH Key](/console/my-project/how-to/create-ssh-key/)

</Message>

## Create and start a new instance using the Ruby on Rails InstantApp

1. Click **Instances** in the **Compute** section of the Scaleway console. 

2. Click "+ Create an Instance". The instance creation wizard displays.

> 3. Enter your Instance details abd select the **Ruby on Rails** image in the **InstantApps** tab for your Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Instance details and select the **Ruby on Rails** image in the **InstantApps** tab.
```

4. Click **Create an Instance** at the bottom of the page. This action starts your Instance.

## Run a Ruby on Rails web application

1. Log into your Instance with the following command:

```
$> ssh -i /path/to/key root@<your_Instance_ip>
```

2. Once connected to the Instance, log-in as rails user:

```
$> su rails
$> source /etc/profile
```

In the home directory of rails user `/home/rails`, you will find the `default` directory containing a fresh rails application. You can use it to bootstrap your rails project.

<Message type="tip">

Unicorn is configured to serve the default Rails application in `/home/rails/default`.

</Message>

You can access the Rails application via your browser at `http://your_Instance_ip` to view the default app website.

## Create a new Rail application

If you want to create a new Rails application, you will have to use the following commands to get it running with unicorn:

> 1. Create the new application by runnnig the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the new application by running the following command:
```

  ```
3. Open the file `/etc/default/unicorn` to change the working directory and `SECRET_KEY_BASE`.

4. Set application working directory to `APP_ROOT=/home/rails/yourapplicationame` and `SECRET_KEY_BASE` value to the key generated previously.

5. Open the file `/etc/unicorn.conf` and change the `working_directory` value to `/home/rails/yourapplicationame`.

6. Restart Unicorn as `root` user, open your browser and visit your IP to view your new application. 
  ```
  $> service unicorn restart
  ```

## Conclusion

Useful links:

- [Getting Started with Rails](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html)
- [Ruby Version Manager (RVM)](https://rvm.io/)
- [unicorn: Rack HTTP Instance for fast clients and Unix](http://unicorn.bogomips.org/)
- [nginx configuration](http://wiki.nginx.org/Configuration)

This image does not contain databases, allowing you instead to install the database of your choice.

To install MySQL, run:

  ```
  $> apt-get install mysql-Instance
  ```

And/or PostgreSQL:

  ```
  $> apt-get install postgresql
  ```

### Suggestions

If you think something is missing in this image, or if it would have been

> easier if you had this or that tool, or if this `<whatever>` should be configured

Reviewer: I think you can remove this last section altogether
```suggestion
easier if you had this or that tool, or if this `<whatever>` should be configured.
```
